plot:

Synopsis: RLaB graphics interface to PGplot library.

Syntax: plot ( A )

Description:

	Plot A in the current sub-plot in the current plot-window.  A
	can be a matrix, in which case the columns are plotted against
	the 1st column. If A is a column vector, then the column is
	plotted versus the row values. A can also be a list, in which
	case each matrix in the list is plotted (this is a good way to
	plot data with different scales). If A is a list the elements
	of the list with names that can be converted to decimal are
	plotted first, in ascending numerical order. the list elements
	with names that cannot be converted to decimal are plotted
	last, in ascending string order.

	The plot interface operation is based upon two important
	concepts: the current plot-window, and the current sub-plot.

	The current plot-window is a valid concept only if selected
	output device supports multiple windows (X-windows for
	example).

	The current sub-plot should be available for all devices,
	since sub-plots are individual plots that co-exist on the same
	page, or display.

	Invoking plstart() will create a plot-window. The newly created
	plot-window will be the current plot-window. If more than one
	plot-window has been created, then the current window can be
	selected with the plwin() function. The current plot-window can
	be closed with plclose(). All of the plot-windows can be closed
	with pend().

	Each plot-window can be divided up into more than 1 sub-plot
	(the default). The number and arrangement of the sub-plots is
	specified by the user when plstart() is invoked. All plot
	manipulation functions, such as plstyle(), plgrid(), xlabel(),
	etc... work on the current sub-plot. When plot() is used the
	current sub-plot is created, after which the current sub-plot
	is incremented. The sub-plots are incremented to the right,
	and down (the same way you read an English language book).

	The following is a list of the plot related functions. More
	detailed help is available for each function list below.

	Plot Window Manipulation:
	  plstart ( NCOL, NROW, DEVICE )
	  plwin ( NWIN )
	  showplwin ( )
	  pclose ( )
	  plend ( )

	Plot Creation:
	  plot ( DATA )
	  xlabel ( XLABEL )
	  ylabel ( YLABEL )
	  pltitle ( PTITLE )
	  plimits ( XMIN, XMAX, YMIN, YMAX, ZMIN, ZMAX )
	  plaxis ( X_STR, Y_STR )
	  plstyle ( PSTYLE )
	  plaspect ( ASPECT )
	  subplot ( N )

	Miscellaneous:
	  plfont ( FONT )
	  plwid ( WIDTH )
	  plptex ( TEXT, X, Y, DX, DY, JUST )
	  plegend ( DESCRIPTION )
	
	The high-level plot functions are implemented in RLaB. The
	low-level plot functions mimic the PGplot application
	programming interface (API). This particular method of
	implementation was chosen to allow users maximum flexibility
	when adding new or improved plot features.

        PGplot low-level interface functions begin with the letters
	`pg', Example: pgsls(), pgtext().

Supported Graphics Devices:

        Since each installation can determine what graphics devices to
	support, it is impossible to predetermine, and document, the
	available devices.  However, PGplot, built for most Unix
	platforms should support at least the following:

        Interactive devices:
           /XWINDOW   (X window window@node:display.screen/xw)
           /XSERVE    (A /XWINDOW window that persists for re-use)

        Non-interactive file formats:
           /NULL      (Null device, no output)
           /PS        (PostScript file, landscape orientation)
           /VPS       (PostScript file, portrait orientation)
           /CPS       (Colour PostScript file, landscape orientation)
           /VCPS      (Colour PostScript file, portrait orientation)

        To see  a list of available devices at your particular
	installation do `plstart(,,"?");'
