plot2:

Synopsis: RLaB graphics interface

Syntax: plot2 ( A, KeyTitles, I ) or plot( X, Y, I )

Description:

	The plot2() function plots numeric data via the GNUPLOT
	program on the right y-axis. The argument A can be a matrix, 
	or a list of matrices, or a string. plot2() can also plot a 
	vector Y versus a vector X. X and Y can also be matrixes. 

	When A is a matrix, columns 2 through N are plotted versus the 1st
	column. When A is a list of matrices, each matrix is plotted
	versus it's own 1st column. When A is a string, the string is sent
	to GNUPLOT as a command.

	plot2 ( M )			plots the contents of matrix M
	plot2 ( X, Y )			plots Y verus X
	plot2 ( << M1 ; M2>> )		plots M1, and M2 on the same graph
	plot2 ( "set noborder" )	sends the string directly to
					GNUPLOT as a command

	Using a list of matrices as an argument to plot2() is useful when the
	the independent variable (1st column) of each matrix is different.

	The second and third, and optional argument to plot2() denotes the plot process
	number and sends key-titles. The plot2() function will open distinct plot
	processes when given distinct values of N. When this feature is used in a
	X-windows environment, the effect is to create separate plot windows.
	The KeyTitles is a string-vector containing the titles to be plotted as keys.
	They are chosen beginning at KeyTitles[1] and so on.
	For example:

	plot2 ( M )			plot the contents if matrix M
	plot2 ( 2.*M, 1 )		plot 2 times M, to another window
	plot2 (<<M1;M2>>,KeyTitles,2)	plot M1, and M2 on the same graph in another
					window with the keytitles from KeyTitles

	If 'I' is not specified the default plot-window is used, see defplotwin().

See Also: plot, replot, replot2, splot, cont, pstring, postplot,
latexplot, printplot, psave, pssave, multiplot, nomultiplot, plotyy,
noplotyy, pclose, setterm, showplot, showpwin, phelp, autoscale,
range, xrange, yrange, zrange, xtics, noxtics, ytics, noytics, ztics,
noztics, loglog, semilogx, semilogy, nolog, xlabel, ylabel, zlabel,
title, notitle, linestyle, pformat, key, nokey, grid, nogrid, axis,
noaxis, label, nolabel, time, notime
