plot:

Synopsis: RLaB graphics interface

Syntax: plot ( A, KeyTitles, I ) or plot( X, Y, I )

Description:

	The plot() function plots numeric data via the GNUPLOT
	program on the left y-axis. The argument A can be a matrix, 
	or a list of matrices, or a string. plot() can also plot a 
	vector Y versus a vector X. X and Y can also be matrixes. 

	When A is a matrix, columns 2 through N are plotted versus the 1st
	column. When A is a list of matrices, each matrix is plotted
	versus it's own 1st column. When A is a string, the string is sent
	to GNUPLOT as a command.

	plot ( M )			plots the contents of matrix M
	plot ( X, Y )			plots Y verus X
	plot ( << M1 ; M2 >> )		plots M1, and M2 on the same graph
	plot ( "set noborder" )		sends the string directly to
					GNUPLOT as a command

	Using a list of matrices as an argument to plot() is useful when the
	the independent variable (1st column) of each matrix is different.

	The second and third, and optional argument to plot() denotes the plot process
	number and sends key-titles. The plot() function will open distinct plot
	processes when given distinct values of N. When this feature is used in a
	X-windows environment, the effect is to create separate plot windows.
	The KeyTitles is a string-vector containing the titles to be plotted as keys.
	They are chosen beginning at KeyTitles[1] and so on.
	For example:

	plot ( M )			plot the contents if matrix M
	plot ( 2.*M, 1 )		plot 2 times M, to another window
	plot (<<M1;M2>>,KeyTitles,2)	plot M1, and M2 on the same graph in another
					window with the keytitles from KeyTitles

	If 'I' is not specified the default plot-window is used, see defplotwin().

See Also: autoscale autotics axis cont copyplot defplotwin epsplot
          gnuplot grid hist key label latexplot linenumbers linestyle
          loglog loglog2 multiplot mx2tics mxtics my2tics mytics
          mztics noautoscale noaxis nogrid nokey nolabel nolog nolog2
          nomultiplot nomx2tics nomxtics nomy2tics nomytics nomztics
          notime notitle nox2tics noxtics noy2tics noytics noztics
          origin pclose pcloseall pend pformat phelp plot plot2
          pobj_list pointsize printplot psave psize psplot pssave
          pstring pview range range2 replot replot2 semilogx semilogx2
          semilogy semilogy2 setterm showplot showpwin splot time
          title x2label x2range x2tics xlabel xrange xtics y2label
          y2range y2tics ylabel yrange ytics zlabel zrange ztics
